# cyclone’s biggest update
[New Documentation](https://wheatwhole.notion.site/Cyclone-Documentation-Suggestions-6b185ceaf6de472ba13ebff808c8dd00?source=copy_link)

you can now suggest in the documentation

before we get into updates, privacy policy and terms have been added to the Cyclone 2.0's documentation and the shortcut itself. These terms are effective on all Cyclone Versions. Additionally, Cyclone is now under ownership of the Ciabi organization. I, wheatwhole, own Ciabi. The routinehub account owning Cyclome will remain the same, and the author stated in the LICENSE wont change to prevent confusion. [Learn more about Ciabi](https://ciabidev.github.io) 

we would also like to announce that we now have a discord server. you can access it by running Cyclone 2+ with no input, or going to any of the official Cyclone pages. It is highly recommended to join this server as this where we will announce things and is the center of suggestions for Cyclone

- we are thinking of “updating” old versions to have the Cyclone no-input menu.

## CycloneKit
CycloneKit has been added for effortless setup of Cyclone in any shortcut. learn more in the documentation

## the projects update

- Projects Update: each project has its own folder containing a Globals.json file. Dont worry, old Cyclone shortcuts using Global Variables will still be compatible. There is a guide in the new [Cyclone Loader v2](https://routinehub.co/shortcut/20534/) for this

## caching
Yes, Cyclone has caching now. Basically, if Cyclone receives a function which has already been run before, it will just retrieve the previous output of it instead of running it all over again. I did a test on it with a 537 kb text file on the Text.MarkdownToRichText function. the normal version took 43 seconds to finish while the cached version loaded in just 1.2 seconds. it will also take 1-2 seconds to load 1 mb and so on

caching will only run on functions whos outputs are only affected by their inputs. it will not run on functions that retrieve data, check for updates etc.
## new functions

- Globals.All - returns the entire Globals file for the project. A Project config is not needed for this, though it is highly recommended to use a Project config for this to prevent interference with the user’s other shortcuts 

- Shortcuts.QuickUpdate - features skipping updates, update notes, and a cozy menu for updating

- Text.Unqoute

## other changes
Text.MarkdownToRichText has new elements. 
- button (special format, see docs)
- blockqoute
- codeblocks

- removed style loading scripts so users dont have to go through any prompts to view markdown. Styles will remain the same in appearance.

- fixed major issue with Globals functions (also major change)

- fixed issue where Globals.Set and Globals.DynamicGet would stringify JSON values
patched some issues with the Dictionary.RemoveItem function

- replaced gradients (from native colors) with straight colors— this is for compatiblity with the text element, also the gradients were barely visible anyways. 

- text element in Text.MarkdownToRichText is now incompatible with gradients to save me from a terrible headache.

- added support for custom background colors in Text.MarkdownToRichText

- new alias for Text.MarkdownToRichText: ToRichText

- reduced the size of headers in Text.MarkdownToRichText

- fixed bug where emojis in Header tag would be fully colored (Text.MarkdownToRichText)

- the Shortcut updating functions now take you directly to the iCloud download 🔥

## better documentation

- weve made the documentation more readable for new users and have also fixed some mistakes
 
new guide and reference for Text.MarkdownToRichText 
- on versions 1.2.5+, no more documentation for versions below that
---
thats it for now

happy creating