# cyclone, reborn

everything is new! this update marks the start of the latest chapter for Cyclone. we spent fall and winter working hard to deliver the best experience ever, and we really hope you enjoy the rebirth of Cyclone.
before all the changes, we'd like to announce that we have an official [site](https://cyclonelib.pages.dev/). we will probably move our changelog here too
**for supernerds:** Cyclone's inner API is available to anyone: [API docs](https://cyclonelib.pages.dev/api/docs)

**here's whats new in Cyclone 3.0.0**
## up-to-date
**Cyclone will now check for updates on startup,** and will prompt you to update if a new version is available. you'll always be able to skip an update. updates won't happen in the middle of shortcut runs
we do plan to add a "Skipped Updates" option to the start menu in the future
## new loader
with Cyclone 3 comes Loader v8, which runs at lightspeed in only **.3 seconds**! 

in order to use Cyclone 3 in your shortcut with all the new features, the loader v8 or higher is required (for now). we'll add a guide in the documentation on how to use Cyclone without a loader

## packages
packages have finally been added to Cyclone. with packages, you can basically add your own features to Cyclone. packages will be available to all users on the [site](https://cyclonelib.pages.dev/). 
- Cyclone studio has a new packages tab for this
- wanna create and use packages in your Shortcut? everything you need to know is in our [wiki](https://cyclone.fibery.io/@public/Docs_(How_to_use_Cyclone)/Guide/Packages-37)

this allows us to actually innovate and develop new & exciting features without making the shortcut huge
### AI Package
the AI functions we announced before are currently in a [package](https://cyclonelib.pages.dev/packages/ai-package/) by [dsewerek](https://github.com/dsewerek?tab=repositories). the package uses [Pollinaitons](https://pollinations.ai), requiring no API keys and is completely free to use
### where is *CyCloud*?
not for now, maybe later since it would be expensive to maintain + creating a whole database system would be difficult
## commands
commands such as `revert`, `update`, `fetch`, and `set_config` have been added to Cyclone. we'll add these later to the documentation
## general improvements
- Shortcuts.CheckForUpdates and Shortcuts.QuickUpdate is now much faster
- revamped project config system to project3 which is basically a stack of configs. this fixes the issue of config being messed up after a nested run
  - see revert command
- Cache system has been revamped to use folders
- fixed issue of "" being returned. empty strings are now normalized as literally Nothing
- implemented more reliable
- AES/Crypto functions are now copatimble with any other AES encrypted data
- many more fixes and improvements that we'll add here as we remember them 
- fixed bug where using Globals.Delete on a dictionay with blank key-value pairs would cause an error
- new error format, gradually adding this to all parts of the shortcut
- fixed bug where menus restarted your phone 💀
- smoother setup process in Cyclone Studio
- many more fixes and improvements that we'll add here as we remember them
---
oh yeah and we hit 2k downloads, pretty insane